# Automotive-Forensics-Services
 Automotive Forensics Services  Identify crucial vehicle data for civil or criminal litigation purposes      Request Help     Call: 888.521.1551  data breach services video What makes us different Today’s cars have a story to tell!  Leverage your digital evidence to settle cases faster and receive settlements.      Personal injury cases     Insurance fraud investigations     Accident reconstruction     Civil or criminal litigation     Proving or disproving an alibi  Get Help  with just a few clicks Response within 10 minutes Send Request VEHICLE INFOTAINMENT, TELEMATICS &amp; GPS DATA IN FORENSIC INVESTIGATIONS  Modern cars store thousands of data points every day. Their onboard computers log every start, stop, GPS location, trunk opening, door opening, cell phone call, text and more. Digital Forensics Corp specializes in acquiring data from not only your vehicle’s event data recorder (EDR) but also from the media console (Telematics Systems) Vehicle Navigation Information  Harvest historic GPS coordinates with time/date stamps to establish a timeline of events. Identify and document where a vehicle was at a particular date and time. Extract favorite or recent destinations, frequently visited locations Cell phone usage or texting  Gather crucial cell phone data from a vehicle’s telematics systems (Media console). Once a cell phone is synced with onboard computers, its data is shared with the vehicle. SMS messages, emails pictures, videos, social media feeds are recorded and preserved. Onboard computer data &amp; metadata  Uncover digital evidence from event data such as vehicles lights which doors are opened and closed at a specific location, gear shift to drive/reverse and even Bluetooth devices connected Unlock your vehicle's digital evidence potential!  We now support over 4600 vehicles and their onboard computers.      Request Help     Call: 888.521.1551  We are in action  Performing a vehicular acquisition from a recent BMW in support of a client’s insurance fraud investigation      Vehicle navigation information     Saved and favorite locations     Connected devices     Contacts, Call logs, SMS messages     Pictures and other media files     Lights, Door, Gear shift events data  What sets us apart  Digital Forensics Corp has proven success working with Fortune 500 companies across industries to handle data breach incidents. Experience across the USA and Canada  With locations across North America, our digital forensics experts are near and ready to help. We are able to work on your case remotely, in-lab and onsite. Contact us or submit a case today to learn more about how we can help you. Leading Experts  The DFC team is comprised of forensic investigators, certified fraud examiners, former law enforcement officials, certified digital forensic examiners , data analysts, and system and network domain experts.
